Add per entry and per property meta data field. (#463)
Materials-Consortia/OPTIMADE: optimade.rst

API implementations SHOULD NOT make up and use new prefixes without first getting them registered in the official list.

Database-Provider-Specific fields
---------------------------------

> Database-Provider-Specific fields MUST be prefixed with (one of) the prefix(es) registered by the database provider enclosed by underscores("\_", ASCII 95 dec (0x5F)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database-Provider-Specific fields MUST be prefixed with one of the prefixes registered by the database provider enclosed by underscores ("\_", ASCII 95 dec (0x5F)).
```

Reviewer: The parentheses seem a bit redundant and make the text slightly harder to read.

**Examples**:

- A database-provider-specific prefix: ``exmpl``. Used in a field name in a response: :field:`_exmpl_custom_field`.

The initial underscore indicates an identifier that is under a separate namespace under the ownership of that organization.
Identifiers prefixed with underscores will not be used for standardized names.

> The suffix _meta is reserved for properties that contain the metadata, as described in the section `Per property metadata fields`_ and MUST not be used for fields that do not follow the guidelines described there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The suffix ``_meta`` is reserved for properties that contain the metadata, as described in the section `Per property metadata fields`_ and MUST not be used for fields that do not follow the guidelines described there.
```

:filter:`filter=_exmpl1_band_gap<2.0 OR _exmpl2_band_gap<2.5`

Metadata properties
-------------------

A metadata property represents entry and property-specific metadata for a given entry.
How these are communicated in the response depends on the response format.

> For the JSON response format, the resource object metadata field, :field:`meta`, is used, see `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the JSON response format, a subfield :field:`property_metadata` of the resource object metadata field, :field:`meta`, is used, see `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.
```

For example, the metadata property definition of the field :field:`_exmpl_example_field` MUST NOT define a metadata field named, e.g., :field:`accuracy`; the field rather needs to be named, e.g., :field:`_exmpl_accuracy`.
The reason for this limitation is to avoid name collisions with standard metadata fields defined by the OPTIMADE standard that apply also to database-specific data fields.

Implementation of the :field:`meta` field is OPTIONAL.
However, when an implementation supports the :field:`meta` field, it SHOULD return the metadata for any of the fields that are in the returned entries as well as metadata that applies to the entries as a whole.

Example of a response in the JSON response format with two structure entries that each include a metadata property for the attribute field :field:`element_ratios` and the database specific per entry metadata field :field:_exmpl_uploader` :

.. code:: jsonc
     {
       "data": [
         {
           "type": "structures",
           "id": "example.db:structs:0001",
           "attributes": {
             "element_ratios":[0.33336, 0.22229, 0.44425],
           },

>            "meta": {
>              "element_ratios": {
>                "_exmpl_confidence_interval": [[0.33325,0.33347],[0.22190,0.22268],[0.44392,0.44458]],
>                "_exmpl_confidence_level": 0.95
>              },
>              "_exmpl_uploader" : "John Doe"
>            }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
           "meta": {
             "property_metadata": {
               "element_ratios": {
                 "_exmpl_confidence_interval": [[0.33325,0.33347],[0.22190,0.22268],[0.44392,0.44458]],
                 "_exmpl_confidence_level": 0.95
               },
               "_exmpl_uploader" : "John Doe"
             }
           }
```

For example, the metadata property definition of the field :field:`_exmpl_example_field` MUST NOT define a metadata field named, e.g., :field:`accuracy`; the field rather needs to be named, e.g., :field:`_exmpl_accuracy`.
The reason for this limitation is to avoid name collisions with standard metadata fields defined by the OPTIMADE standard that apply also to database-specific data fields.

Implementation of the :field:`meta` field is OPTIONAL.
However, when an implementation supports the :field:`meta` field, it SHOULD return the metadata for any of the fields that are in the returned entries as well as metadata that applies to the entries as a whole.

Example of a response in the JSON response format with two structure entries that each include a metadata property for the attribute field :field:`element_ratios` and the database specific per entry metadata field :field:_exmpl_uploader` :

.. code:: jsonc
     {
       "data": [
         {
           "type": "structures",
           "id": "example.db:structs:0001",
           "attributes": {
             "element_ratios":[0.33336, 0.22229, 0.44425],
           },
           "meta": {

>              "property_metadata": {

Author: ```suggestion
             "attributes_metadata": {
```

Reviewer 2: @sauliusg @giovannipizzi Right, what did we end up saying about this name?

I was somewhat in favor of "property_metadata" since this is the metadata channel for metadata of OPTIMADE properties when implemented in the JSON response format. I suppose one *can* argue that OPTIMADE properties are implemented in the JSON response format as attributes (except for id, type...) and as such, naming the channel "attributes_metadata" also makes some sense.

Any thought on this? Do we care at all? I'm assuming @JPBergsma prefers "attributes_metadata" since he proposes the change.

Reviewer 3: I prefer "property" as this is the term used in OPTIMADE specification. Term "attributes" is specific to JSON:API, thus I would suggest us not to tie with it. If in future alongside JSON:API we introduce XML representation with OPTIMADE terms, having both "properties" and "attributes" may add unnecessary confusion.

Author: Sorry, I did not realize this suggestion was already posted.
During the discussion in the coffee room, we decided that the name would be "attributes_metadata". 
In one of the examples on the white boards for the ranged properties, the term "property_metadata" was used, which is probably where @rartino got it from. "attributes_metadata" sounds more fitting for the JSON response, but I do not have a strong preference for the name. If the majority wants "property_metadata", that's also fine with me.

               "element_ratios": {

>                  "_exmpl_confidence_interval": [[0.33325,0.33347],[0.22190,0.22268],[0.44392,0.44458]],
>                  "_exmpl_confidence_level": 0.95

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                 "_exmpl_originates_from_project": "piezoelectic_perovskites"
```

               },

>                "_exmpl_uploader" : "John Doe"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

             }
           }
         },
         {
           "type": "structures",
           "id": "example.db:structs:1234",
           "attributes": {
             "element_ratios":[0.5, 0.5],
           },
           "meta": {
             "element_ratios": {

>                "_exmpl_confidence_interval": [[0.6,0.4],[0.7,0.4]],
>                "_exmpl_confidence_level": 0.90
>              },
>              "_exmpl_uploader" : "John Doe"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
               "_exmpl_originates_from_project": "ferroelectric_binaries"
             },
```

           }
         }
         //...
       ]
       // ...
     }

Example of the corresponding metadata property definition contained in the field :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition` which is placed in the property definition of :field:`element_ratios`:

>     .. code:: jsonc
>          // ...
>          "x-optimade-metadata-definition": {
>            "$id": "https://properties.example.com/v1.2.0/element_ratios_meta",
>            "title": "Metadata for the element_ratios field",
>            "description": "This field contains the metadata for the element_ratios field that is specific to each individual entry.",
>            "x-optimade-property": {
>              "property-format": "1.2"
>            },
>            "x-optimade-type": "dictionary",
>            "x-optimade-unit": "inapplicable",
>            "type": ["object", "null"],
>            "properties" : {
>              "_exmpl_confidence_interval": {
>                "$id": "https://properties.example.com/v1.2.0/element_ratios_meta/_exmpl_confidence_interval",
>                "description" : "This field consists of a list with a list that contains the lower and upper bounds of the confidence interval.",
>                "x-optimade-type": "list",
>                "x-optimade-unit" : "inapplicable",
>                "type": "array",
>                "items": {
>                  "x-optimade-type": "list",
>                  "description" : "The first value in this list is the lower bound for the confidence interval the second value is the upper bound.",
>                  "x-optimade-unit" : "inapplicable",
>                  "type": "array",
>                  "items": {
>                    "x-optimade-type": "float",
>                    "x-optimade-unit" : "dimensionless",
>                    "type": "number"
>                  }
>                }
>              },
>              "_exmpl_confidence_level": {
>                "x-optimade-type": "float",
>                "description" : "The confidence level for this interval e.g. 0.95",
>                "maximum": 1.0,
>                "minimum": 0.0,
>                "x-optimade-unit" : "dimensionless",
>                "type": "number"
>              }
>            }
>          }
>          // ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    .. code:: jsonc
         // ...
         "x-optimade-metadata-definition": {
           "title": "Metadata for the element_ratios field",
           "description": "This field contains the per-entry metadata for the element_ratios field.",
           "x-optimade-type": "dictionary",
           "x-optimade-unit": "inapplicable",
           "type": ["object", "null"],
           "properties" : {
             "_exmpl_originates_from_project": {
               "$id": "https://properties.example.com/v1.2.0/element_ratios_meta/_exmpl_originates_from_project",
               "description" : "A string naming the internal example.com project id where this property was added to the database.",
               "x-optimade-type": "string",
               "x-optimade-unit" : "inapplicable",
             }
           }
         }
         // ...
```

:filter:`filter=_exmpl1_band_gap<2.0 OR _exmpl2_band_gap<2.5`

Per property metadata fields
----------------------------

Implementations are allowed to specify an OPTIONAL field containing per entry metadata for a property.
The name of the metadata field consists of the name of the property for which it contains the metadata, suffixed with "_meta".
For example, when the field is :property:`cartesian_site_positions` the metadata field would be :field:`cartesian_site_positions_meta`.

This metadata field consists of a dictionary which MAY contain database specific fields.

> Fields in this metadata MAY also have a metadata field.

Author: If you consider a metadata property that has a value for each value in the main property (For example a confidence interval) then such a metadata property can become quite large. So to solve this, we could treat it as a ranged property. However, for this to work, the field in the metadata would need to have its own meta_data field to store the needed metadata for a ranged property. 
So that is the main reason for allowing nested metadata fields.

If an implementation supports the metadata field, it SHOULD return the metadata field whenever the property to which the metadata field belongs is returned.

The metadata fields and their subfields should be described in the property definitions as described in the section `property definitions`_ just as regular fields.
If a subfield is present in multiple metadata fields these subfields should have a separate entry under each of these metadata fields.

> The subfields SHOULD have the same value for the $id field if the $id field is present and the subfields are otherwise identical.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The subfields SHOULD have the same value for the :field:`$id` field if the :field:`$id` field is present and the subfields are otherwise identical.
```

It SHOULD contain the field :

> - **metadata_for**: which contains a string with the name of the property for which this meta data property contains the meta data,

Author: Sorry, that was not clear to me from the discussion. I'll change the description so that the metadata_for should be in the property definition.

:filter:`filter=_exmpl1_band_gap<2.0 OR _exmpl2_band_gap<2.5`

Per property metadata fields
----------------------------

Implementations are allowed to specify an OPTIONAL field containing per entry metadata for a property.

> The name of the metadata field consists of the name of the property for which it contains the metadata, suffixed with "_meta".

Reviewer 3: Should we explicitly forbid regular (i.e. top-level) fields with `_meta` suffices? We should reserve the suffix for metadata properties.

Author: Yes, that is probably a good idea. I think we should also forbid its use in nested fields, other than specified here.
I have added it under a new section: database specific properties. If you want, I can also add it elsewhere.

Example of a response in the JSON response format with two structure entries that each include a metadata property for the attribute field :field:`element_ratios` and the database specific per entry metadata field :field:_exmpl_uploader` :

.. code:: jsonc
     {
       "data": [
         {
           "type": "structures",
           "id": "example.db:structs:0001",
           "attributes": {
             "element_ratios":[0.33336, 0.22229, 0.44425],
           },
           "meta": {
             "property_metadata": {
               "element_ratios": {
                 "_exmpl_originates_from_project": "piezoelectic_perovskites"
               },
             }
           }
         },
         {
           "type": "structures",
           "id": "example.db:structs:1234",
           "attributes": {
             "element_ratios":[0.5, 0.5],
           },
           "meta": {
             "element_ratios": {
               "_exmpl_originates_from_project": "ferroelectric_binaries"
             },

>            }

Reviewer 3: Please fix the spelling of `propertiy_metadata`, otherwise this seems appropriate.

:filter:`filter=_exmpl1_band_gap<2.0 OR _exmpl2_band_gap<2.5`

> Metadata properties
> -------------------

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Entry metadata
--------------
```

> -------------------

Reviewer 2: I didn't think this PR was meant to define metadata for the entry as a whole, because I don't know where the corresponding property definition would go. Can I suggest that the edit to allow per-entry metadata be done as another PR on top of this one?

I see there are some minor wording I had missed that allow this. I'll merge a few changes to remove them (the PR to put them back can still get them out from the edit history).

> -------------------

Author: Yes, we can do that as a separate PR. If I remember correctly, the partial data PR however depends on the per entry metadata field, so we would need to correct that. (That should be easy, as I think it only allows returning one property at a time.)

A metadata property represents entry and property-specific metadata for a given entry.
How these are communicated in the response depends on the response format.

> For the JSON response format, a subfield :field:`property_metadata` of the resource object metadata field, :field:`meta`, is used, see `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.

Author: To me, this sentence leaves me wondering for what "a subfield :field:`property_metadata`" is used. So I have tried to make it clearer.
```suggestion
For the JSON response format, the metadata properties are stored in the resource object metadata field, :field:`meta`, see `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_. 
Metadata, that does not apply to the entry as a whole but only to the individual properties under attributes, is stored under the subfield :field:`property_metadata` in dictionaries with the name of the property as the key. 
```

> For the JSON response format, a subfield :field:`property_metadata` of the resource object metadata field, :field:`meta`, is used, see `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.
> 
> The metadata property is a dictionary in the format specified by the field :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition` in the Property Definition of the field, see `Property Definitions`_.

Author: To me, this sentence leaves me wondering for what "a subfield :field:`property_metadata`" is used. So I have tried to make it clearer.
```suggestion
For the JSON response format, the metadata properties are stored in the resource object metadata field, :field:`meta`, see `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_. 
Metadata, that does not apply to the entry as a whole but only to the individual properties under attributes, is stored under the subfield :field:`property_metadata` in dictionaries, here called metadata properties,  with the name of the property as the key . 

The format of the metadata property is specified by the field :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition` in the Property Definition of the field, see `Property  #Definitions`_.
```

> Database providers are allowed to define their own metadata properties in :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition`, but they MUST use the database-specific prefix even for metadata for database-specific fields.

Reviewer: Should `database-provider prefix` here be changed to `database-provider-specific prefix` or do they have different meanings?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Database providers are allowed to define their own metadata properties in :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition`, but they MUST use the database-provider-specific prefix even for metadata for database-specific fields.
```

For example, the metadata property definition of the field :field:`_exmpl_example_field` MUST NOT define a metadata field named, e.g., :field:`accuracy`; the field rather needs to be named, e.g., :field:`_exmpl_accuracy`.

> The reason for this limitation is to avoid name collisions with standard metadata fields defined by the OPTIMADE standard that apply also to database-specific data fields.

Author: ```suggestion
The reason for this limitation is to avoid name collisions with metadata fields defined by the OPTIMADE standard in the future that apply also to database-specific data fields.
```

Implementation of the :field:`meta` field is OPTIONAL.

> However, when an implementation supports the :field:`meta` field, it SHOULD return the metadata for any of the fields that are in the returned entries as well as metadata that applies to the entries as a whole.

Reviewer 4: Just to clarify, does this mean that I will get back metadata on fields not in the response if that entry both a) has a value for that field and b) has metadata for that field?

Author: I think our intention was to only make returning data for the properties that are in the actual response mandatory.
But perhaps we should change the text if that makes it clearer. 
How about this ?
```suggestion
However, when an implementation supports the :field:`meta` field, it SHOULD return the metadata for any of the fields that are in the response as well as metadata that applies to the entries as a whole.
```

> However, when an implementation supports the :field:`meta` field, it SHOULD return the metadata for any of the fields that are in the response.

Reviewer: Could you please clarify with of the two interpretations (if any) is the correct one:
* "<...> it SHOULD return the metadata for *all* of the fields".
* "<...>  it SHOULD be able to return the metadata for any of the fields".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, when an implementation supports the :field:`property_metadata` field, it SHOULD return metadata fields for all fields present in the data part of the response which has metadata.
```

> However, when an implementation supports the :field:`meta` field, it SHOULD return the metadata for any of the fields that are in the response as well as metadata that applies to the entries as a whole.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, when an implementation supports the :field:`meta` field, it SHOULD return the metadata for any of the fields that are in the response.

```

> Example of a response in the JSON response format with two structure entries that each include a metadata property for the attribute field :field:`element_ratios` and the database specific per entry metadata field :field:_exmpl_uploader` :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of a response in the JSON response format with two structure entries that each include a metadata property for the attribute field :field:`element_ratios` and the database specific per entry metadata field :field:`_exmpl_uploader` :
```

.. code:: jsonc
     {
       "data": [
         {
           "type": "structures",
           "id": "example.db:structs:0001",
           "attributes": {

>              "element_ratios":[0.33336, 0.22229, 0.44425],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             "element_ratios":[0.33336, 0.22229, 0.44425]
```

           },
           "meta": {
             "property_metadata": {
               "element_ratios": {
                 "_exmpl_originates_from_project": "piezoelectic_perovskites"

>                },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               }
```

             }
           }
         },
         {
           "type": "structures",
           "id": "example.db:structs:1234",
           "attributes": {

>              "element_ratios":[0.5, 0.5],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
             "element_ratios":[0.5, 0.5]
```

           },
           "meta": {
             "propertiy_metadata":{
               "element_ratios": {
                 "_exmpl_originates_from_project": "ferroelectric_binaries"

>                },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               }
```

             }

>            }

Author: Should we not add an example of a per entry metadata property here?

         }
         //...
       ]
       // ...
     }

Example of the corresponding metadata property definition contained in the field :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition` which is placed in the property definition of :field:`element_ratios`:

    .. code:: jsonc
         // ...
         "x-optimade-metadata-definition": {
           "title": "Metadata for the element_ratios field",
           "description": "This field contains the per-entry metadata for the element_ratios field.",
           "x-optimade-type": "dictionary",
           "x-optimade-unit": "inapplicable",
           "type": ["object", "null"],
           "properties" : {
             "_exmpl_originates_from_project": {
               "$id": "https://properties.example.com/v1.2.0/element_ratios_meta/_exmpl_originates_from_project",
               "description" : "A string naming the internal example.com project id where this property was added to the database.",
               "x-optimade-type": "string",

>                "x-optimade-unit" : "inapplicable",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               "x-optimade-unit" : "inapplicable"
```

     // ...
   }

Metadata properties
-------------------

A metadata property represents entry and property-specific metadata for a given entry.
How these are communicated in the response depends on the response format.

> For the JSON response format, the metadata properties are stored in the resource object metadata field, :field:`meta` in a dictionary field :field:`property_metadata` with the keys equal to the names of the respective properties for which metadata is available; see `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the JSON response format, the metadata properties are stored in the resource object metadata field, :field:`meta` in a dictionary field :field:`property_metadata` with the keys equal to the names of the respective properties for which metadata is available, see `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.
```

> The format of the metadata property is specified by the field :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition` in the Property Definition of the field, see `Property  #Definitions`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The format of the metadata property is specified by the field :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition` in the Property Definition of the field, see `Property Definitions`_.
```

> Database providers are allowed to define their own metadata properties in :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition`, but they MUST use the database-provider-specific prefix even for metadata for database-specific fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Database providers are allowed to define their own metadata properties in :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition`, but they MUST use the database-provider-specific prefix even for metadata of database-specific fields.
```

For example, the metadata property definition of the field :field:`_exmpl_example_field` MUST NOT define a metadata field named, e.g., :field:`accuracy`; the field rather needs to be named, e.g., :field:`_exmpl_accuracy`.
The reason for this limitation is to avoid name collisions with metadata fields defined by the OPTIMADE standard in the future that apply also to database-specific data fields.

Implementation of the :field:`meta` field is OPTIONAL.
However, when an implementation supports the :field:`property_metadata` field, it SHOULD include metadata fields for all fields present in the data part of the response which has metadata.

> Example of a response in the JSON response format with two structure entries that each include a metadata property for the attribute field :field:`element_ratios` and the database-specific per entry metadata field :field:`_exmpl_uploader` :

Reviewer: Field `_exmpl_uploader` does not seem to actually be used in the provided example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example of a response in the JSON response format with two structure entries that each include a metadata property for the attribute field :field:`element_ratios` and the database-specific per entry metadata field :field:`_exmpl_originates_from_project` :
```

- **data**: The schema of this value varies by endpoint, it can be either a *single* `JSON API resource object <http://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-resource-objects>`__ or a *list* of JSON API resource objects.
  Every resource object needs the :field:`type` and :field:`id` fields, and its attributes (described in section `API Endpoints`_) need to be in a dictionary corresponding to the :field:`attributes` field.

>   The :field:`data` field MAY also contain a :field:`meta` field with the following key:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Every resource object MAY also contain a :field:`meta` field with the following key:
```
`data` may not be an object, but a list. The sentence above (line 666) handles that nicely, I suggest extending the same here.

- **data**: The schema of this value varies by endpoint, it can be either a *single* `JSON API resource object <http://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-resource-objects>`__ or a *list* of JSON API resource objects.
  Every resource object needs the :field:`type` and :field:`id` fields, and its attributes (described in section `API Endpoints`_) need to be in a dictionary corresponding to the :field:`attributes` field.
  Every resource object MAY also contain a :field:`meta` field with the following key:

  - **property_metadata**: an object containing per-entry and per-property metadata.
    The keys are the names of the fields in :field:`attributes` for which metadata is available.

>     The values belonging to these keys are dictionaries containing the relevant metadata fields.

Reviewer 4: This should link back to the section where per entry metadata is defined

- **data**: The schema of this value varies by endpoint, it can be either a *single* `JSON API resource object <http://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-resource-objects>`__ or a *list* of JSON API resource objects.
  Every resource object needs the :field:`type` and :field:`id` fields, and its attributes (described in section `API Endpoints`_) need to be in a dictionary corresponding to the :field:`attributes` field.

>   Each resource object MAY contain a :field:`meta` field used to communicate metadata.
>   The subkey :field:`property_metadata` is used to communicate `Metadata properties`_.
>   The keys of the :field:`property_metadata` field are the names of the fields in :field:`attributes` for which metadata is available.
>   The values belonging to these keys are dictionaries containing the relevant metadata fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The :field:`data` field MAY also contain a :field:`meta` field with the following key:

  - **property_metadata**: an object containing per-entry and per-property metadata.
    The keys are the names of the fields in :field:`attributes` for which metadata is available.
    The values belonging to these keys are dictionaries containing the relevant metadata fields.
```

>   Each resource object MAY contain a :field:`meta` field used to communicate `Metadata properties`_.
>   The keys of the :field:`meta` field are the names of the fields in :field:`attributes` for which metadata is available.
>   The values belonging to these keys are dictionaries containing the relevant metadata fields..
>   In addition the :field:`meta` can also hold metadata fields that apply to the entry as a whole.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Each resource object MAY contain a :field:`meta` field used to communicate metadata.
  The subkey :field:`property_metadata` is used to communicate `Metadata properties`_.
  The keys of the :field:`property_metadata` field are the names of the fields in :field:`attributes` for which metadata is available.
  The values belonging to these keys are dictionaries containing the relevant metadata fields.
```

  - **self**: the entry's URL

- **meta**: a `JSON API meta object <https://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-meta>`__ that is used to communicate `Metadata properties`_.
  The keys of the :field:`meta` field are the names of the fields in :field:`attributes` for which metadata is available.
  The values belonging to these keys are dictionaries containing the relevant metadata fields.

>   In addition the :field:`meta` can also hold metadata fields that apply to the entry as a whole.

Reviewer 2: - **meta**: a `JSON API meta object <https://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-meta>`__ that is used to communicate `Metadata properties`_.

  It MAY contain the following keys:

  - **property_metadata**: an object containing per-entry and per-property metadata.
    The keys are the names of the fields in :field:`attributes` for which metadata is available.
    The values belonging to these keys are dictionaries containing the relevant metadata fields.

> - **meta**: a `JSON API meta object <https://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-meta>`__ that is used to communicate `Metadata properties`_.
>   The keys of the :field:`meta` field are the names of the fields in :field:`attributes` for which metadata is available.
>   The values belonging to these keys are dictionaries containing the relevant metadata fields.
>   In addition the :field:`meta` can also hold metadata fields that apply to the entry as a whole.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **meta**: a `JSON API meta object <https://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-meta>`__ that is used to communicate per-entry metadata.
  It MAY contain the following keys:

  - **property_metadata**: an object used to communicate `Metadata properties`_.
    The keys are the names of the fields in :field:`attributes` for which metadata is available.
    The values belonging to these keys are dictionaries containing the relevant metadata fields.
```

  - **self**: the entry's URL

> - **meta**: a `JSON API meta object <https://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-meta>`__ that is used to communicate per-entry metadata.
>   It MAY contain the following keys:
> 
>   - **property_metadata**: an object used to communicate `Metadata properties`_.
>     The keys are the names of the fields in :field:`attributes` for which metadata is available.
>     The values belonging to these keys are dictionaries containing the relevant metadata fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **meta**: a `JSON API meta object <https://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-meta>`__ that is used to communicate metadata.
  See `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_ for more information about this field.
```
